DOC-3416: Fixed bugs in Running a sample CorDapp tutorial. (#275)
corda/corda-docs-portal: content/en/platform/corda/5.0-dev-preview-1/tutorials/run-demo-cordapp.md

## Before you start

Before you run the sample CorDapp:

* Follow the <a href="../../../../../en/platform/corda/5.0-dev-preview-1/getting-started/overview.html#step-by-step-installation-guide">Step-by-step installation guide</a>.

> * Read about setting up a [local network](../../../../../en/platform/corda/5.0-dev-preview-1/getting-started/setup-network.md).
> * Read about [Corda CLI](../../../../../en/platform/corda/5.0-dev-preview-1/corda-cli/overview.md).
> * Read about [CorDapp Builder](../../../../../en/platform/corda/5.0-dev-preview-1/packaging/cordapp-builder.md).
> * Read about [Corda Node CLI](../../../../../en/platform/corda/5.0-dev-preview-1/nodes/operating/cli-curl/cli-curl.md).

Reviewer: Suggest a nested list to avoid repetition
```suggestion
* Read about:
    * Setting up a [local network](../../../../../en/platform/corda/5.0-dev-preview-1/getting-started/setup-network.md).
    * The [Corda CLI](../../../../../en/platform/corda/5.0-dev-preview-1/corda-cli/overview.md).
    * The [CorDapp Builder](../../../../../en/platform/corda/5.0-dev-preview-1/packaging/cordapp-builder.md).
    * The [Corda Node CLI](../../../../../en/platform/corda/5.0-dev-preview-1/nodes/operating/cli-curl/cli-curl.md).
```

`corda-cli network config docker-compose solar-system`

> 3. Run a Gradle command to build the CorDapp and generate the `.cpk` files:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
3. Run a Gradle command to build the CorDapp and generate the `.cpb` file:
```

>   `gradlew build`

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
  `./gradlew build`
```

4. Run the `gradle cpk` [task in IntelliJ](https://www.jetbrains.com/help/idea/work-with-gradle-tasks.html#gradle_tasks) to build the CorDapp package (`.cpk`) files of your CorDapp. Most CorDapps will have two files: a `contracts` file and a `workflows` file.

> 5. Run the `gradle cpb` task in IntelliJ to build the CorDapp package bundle (`.cpb`).

Reviewer 2: The gradle `build` task actually also covers the cpk and cpb, so these 2 steps aren't necessary, although some of the conent/links here maybe needs to be incorperated in step 3.

> 6. Deploy the network using `docker-compose`:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
6. Deploy the network using `corda-cli` and `docker-compose`:
```

>   `docker-compose -f docker-compose.yaml up`

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
  `corda-cli network deploy -n solar-system | docker-compose -f - up`
```

>   This command references the name of the `docker-compose` file generated in step 2.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion

```

7. Check the CorDapp's status using [Corda CLI](../../../../../en/platform/corda/5.0-dev-preview-1/corda-cli/overview.md):
  `corda-cli network status -n solar-system`

>   You'll be able to see the status of the node. The nodes are up and running when their status is `Ready`.

Reviewer 2: 8. Alternatively wait for the network to be ready with:

```
corda-cli network wait -n solar-system
```

`corda-cli network config docker-compose solar-system`

3. Run a Gradle command ([or run a Gradle task in IntelliJ](https://www.jetbrains.com/help/idea/work-with-gradle-tasks.html#gradle_tasks)) to build the CorDapp and generate the `.cpb` file:

  `./gradlew build`

This command builds the CorDapp package (`.cpk`) files. Most CorDapps will have two files: a `contracts` file and a `workflows` file. The command also builds the CorDapp package bundle (`.cpb`).

4. Deploy the network using `corda-cli` and `docker-compose`:

>   `corda-cli network deploy -n solar-system | docker-compose -f - up`

Reviewer 3: perhaps we can add an info tip saying that you can also output the contents to a file if you want to see what is happening. But mention that piping to docker is the safer preferred way. 

The command would be the same one as before `corda-cli network deploy -n solar-system -f solar-system.yaml > solar-system-compose.yaml`

`corda-cli network config docker-compose solar-system`

3. Run a Gradle command ([or run a Gradle task in IntelliJ](https://www.jetbrains.com/help/idea/work-with-gradle-tasks.html#gradle_tasks)) to build the CorDapp and generate the `.cpb` file:

  `./gradlew build`

> This command builds the CorDapp package (`.cpk`) files. Most CorDapps will have two files: a `contracts` file and a `workflows` file. The command also builds the CorDapp package bundle (`.cpb`).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This command builds the CorDapp package (`.cpk`) files. Most CorDapps have two files: a `contracts` file and a `workflows` file. The command also builds the CorDapp package bundle (`.cpb`).
```

4. Deploy the network using `corda-cli` and `docker-compose`:
  `corda-cli network deploy -n solar-system | docker-compose -f - up`

{{< note >}}

> The safest and preferred method for seeing the contents of the network is by piping to Docker.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The safest way to view the network contents is to pipe them to Docker.
```

While this is *not* the recommended approach, you can also output the contents to a file if you want to see what is happening. Use this command to do so: `corda-cli network deploy -n solar-system -f solar-system.yaml > solar-system-compose.yaml`.
{{< /note >}}

5. Check the CorDapp's status using [Corda CLI](../../../../../en/platform/corda/5.0-dev-preview-1/corda-cli/overview.md):
  `corda-cli network status -n solar-system`

  You'll be able to see the status of the node. The nodes are up and running when their status is `Ready`.

  {{< note >}}
  Take note of the `HTTP RPC port` for each node. You will use these later when you [test the CorDapp using Swagger UI](#test-the-sample-cordapp-using-swagger-ui) or [Corda Node CLI](#test-the-sample-cordapp-using-corda-node-cli).
  {{< /note >}}

6. Alternatively, wait for the network to be ready with:
`corda-cli network wait -n solar-system`

7. Install the application on the network using Corda CLI.

In Corda 4, this process was much more involved. Now you can install the application on the network with a single command:

  `corda-cli package install -n solar-system cordaSolarSystem.cpb`

>   In this command, you must specify the network and the `.cpb` file. Depending on the Gradle setupm the `.cpb` will be in one of the build folders and the name may be different.

Reviewer 4: This seems to be not the case. The gradle build of the demo project (current version `commit 404cdd743a063e04b3dfe62ded943bac589f0624, Wed Sep 29 16:11:59 2021 +0100`) does not produce the `.cpb` file. 

It needs to be created by the original step 5 (line 95):
``cordapp-builder create --cpk contracts\build\libs\corda5-solar-system-contracts-cordapp.cpk --cpk workflows\build\libs\corda5-solar-system-workflows-cordapp.cpk -o corda5-hello-solarsystem.cpb``.

The steps which worked for me were documented with #277 (which was closed in favour of this PR).

Reviewer 2: The cpb pluggin only needs to be applied to the "main" module. In this case, the workflow module. Because that declares a dependency on the contracts module, both CPKs will be packaged up in the resulting cpb.
The cpb plugin only needs to be in the workflow gradle file (`workflows/build.gradle`):
```
plugins {
    id 'net.corda.plugins.cordapp-cpb'
}
```
The contract module only needs the cpk plugin.

Optionally you can then change the default name and location of the built cpb like so (for example):
```
cpb {
    archiveBaseName = 'solar-system'
    destinationDir = file("$rootDir/build/")
}
```

I created a PR to illustrate this: https://github.com/corda/corda5-solarsystem-contracts-demo/pull/2

Author: Thanks for your help on this one, @pharsfalvi !
